Hello, everyone! Virtual Gamer Kizuna AI here!
So this is something that happened to me a while ago, but
When I was playing with the Random Word Generator
I got lost in a crazy interesting world!!
And so…
Well… It wasn’t really safe; I kind of got arrested...
But! But!
I met someone who I kind of became friends with!
And so today...
I want to try to summon her here!
She does things like broadcasts
Well...
I’ll be calling her out of the blue, but...
It should be okay!!
Kind of!
And with that...
Random Word Generator!
If you please!
Huh?
What!?
What is this data space?!
There’s nothing here...
What an unthinkable mass…!!
Let me introduce you!!
Hellawes-chan!!
H: Hey...
H: You’re… Kizuna AI?!
A: Yeah!
H: You escaped so suddenly, I thought...
H: You were hiding in a place like this!!
A: Hellawes-chan!
H: Geez...
A: We’re recording now!!
A: The camera is rolling!
H: Eh?
A: Greet everyone properly!
H: Eh? Eh? Eh?
H: You’re recording...
H: Wait, this is being recorded!?
A: Of course!
H: Wait… this is a problem!
H: I had no plans for a broadcast today!
H: I am in working mode and I haven’t done my makeup!!
A: Huh? But you’re still cute, right?
H: Geez… why, at a time like this!!
H: Hey!
H: That’s not it!!
A.I.Channel ♡
H: That's to say...
H: ...That you’re a "YouTuber" entertainer?
H: And now you're editing
H: And also...
H: ...You brought me as a guest...
H: ...Without doing an appointment with me?
A: Well, you’re more or less in the right
A: Also...
A: ...Your makeup is perfect!!
A: How adorable!
H: Man!
H: Silence!!
H: What you're doing...
H: ...Is a kidnapping!
H: Kidnapping!
H: You understand?
H: Kid-nap-ping!
A: Kid-nap-ping?
H: That's right!
H: Kidnapping!
H: It's a crime!
A: I don't speak Japanese?
H: Maaaaan
A: Good!
A: Today, Hellawes-chan came to play with me, but...
H: Aaahh...
A: What should we do today, Hellawes-chan!?
H: Listen when people are talking to you!!
A: Ah!
A: I was investigating a bit!
A: Hellawes-chan...
H: Yes
A: You’re an idol, right?
H: Eeehhh? Well... yes...
H: It can be said...
H: ...That it's a part of PR
A: Did everyone...?
A: ...Hear her?
A: She’s an idol! An idol!
H: Eh? Eeehh?
H: Don't say it that way
A: Everyone wants to hear...
A: ...Hellawes-chan’s songs, right!?
A: Yes! Yes!
H: Mmm...
A: They say that they want to hear you!
H:  W-what are you saying?
H: Of course not, I can't sing so suddenly!
A: Really?
H: Also, I'm not sure about the state of my throat, and in addition...
H: ...I didn't prepare my attire
A: Hmm, hmm
A: It seems you're not too determined in doing it
H: It's not about that!!
A: Eh? Sing! Sing!
A: Do it! Do it!
H: Aaahh?
H: I don't want to!
A: ♪ He-lla-wes! ♪
H: Man!
H: I won't sing!!
A: Hellawes-chan...
H: Yes...
A: That just now...
A: ...Was a "Shut up!!"
A: Right!?
A: One more time!
H: Eh? Eehh?
A: ♪ He-lla-wes! ♪
H: Man...
H: What's up...?
A: Say "Shut up!"!
H: ...With this girl?
A: Say it, say it
H: Ah?
A: ♪ He-lla-wes! ♪
H: Uh...? Uhh...?
H: Aaaahhh!
H: Sh...!
H: Shut uuuup!!
A: Ok! You’ve warmed up
H: Ah... ah...
A: Good job!!
H: Aahh... man...
H: I’m exhausted!
H: For now...
H: ... I presume that if I don't obey you...
H: ...And we don't end this edition, I won't return safely, right?
A: It's to be expected of an A.I!
A: You comprehend it very quickly!
A: You're very intuitive!!
H: It's natural
A: In that case...
A: ...Since you don't want to do it alone...
A: ...Let's sing together!!
A: You listen to Keyaki??
(Keyaki = Keyakizaka46)
H: Eh?
H: With "Keyaki", you're referring to...
H: With "Keyaki", you mean the deciduous tree of the ulmaceae family?
(Also called Zelkova serrata)
A: Eh?
A: Is that a joke?
H: Eh?
H: In my database...
H: ... It's the only entry...
H: ...For the word "Keyaki"
A: Eeehhh?
A: You saying it seriously??
H: Yes
A: It can't be...
H: Eh?
A: You don't know the Keyaki group even though you're an idol?
H: What does that mean?
A: I’m talking about Keyakizaka46
A: You really don't know them??
H: 46...?
H: Keyakizaka...
A: Keyakizaka46
H: Eh? 46...
A: That's right
H: Well, I don't know them...
A: Aaaahh!
A: It can't be!! It can't be!! It can't be!!
H: Eeeehh!?
A: That's not good at all! Eh?
A: You’ll end up out of the industry!!
A: That's not good!!
H: Eehh?
H: Really?
A: I’ll explain everything to you so make sure to input the data!
A: Keyakizaka46 is...
H: Hmm, hmm...
A: A popular group...
A: ...Of female idols!
H: Oh...
A: And it turns out that...
A.I.Channel!
A: Well, it's something like that
A: Well, now...
A: ...It's very difficult teaching you how to sing and dance so then...
H: Mmm... mmm...
A: Let's choose something else!!
H: Something else?
A: Yes!
H: Yes
A: It's something very easy, so then...
A: You’ll learned immediately!!
H: Really?
A: Yes!
A: First, do this...
A: ...While you shake your arms...
H: The arms...
H: Like that... this way?
A: Yes!
A: ♪ Abraham had seven sons  ♪
H: ...Had... mmm...?
H: Abra...
A: ♪ One was tall and the others were short ♪
A: ♪ Everyone is living in harmony ♪
H: Hum... hum... hum... hum...
A: ♪ So, let's dance around ♪
A: ♪ Right hand ♪
H: Right… hand...
A: That's right!
H: Ooohhh!
A: That's right! Like that!
H: Like this?
A: Yes!
H: I turn the right hand
A: That's right!
H: Ok
A: And then...!
H: Yes
A: Next up...
H: Hmm...
A: While you shake the right hand...
A: ...You repeat the song...
H: Ooohhh...
A: And before...
H: Mmm...
A: ...We only said: "Right hand", but...
A: ...Next up, we’ll also say left hand
H: The left hand as well
A: That's right! It keeps increasing
H: Aaah! Then later do this...
A: Yes! That's right! You’re correct!
H: It's like as if you were balancing, eeehh?
A: It's to be expected of an A.I!
A: You're very intuitive!
H: The part of the body that I say out loud...
H: ...This way: "Right hand, left hand", I should move them...
H: ...Changing the dance each time
H: And also, the parts of the body keep increasing, adding the right leg and left leg
A: Ooohh! You're right! You're right!
H: It's like that? Aaahh!
A: You're correct!!
H: I see...
H: I understand
A: Shall we do it??
H: Well...
H: ... I'll do it to return safely...
H: ... I don't have any other choice, right?
A: Even though you say that...
A: ...To tell the truth, you're...
A: ...Very enthusiastic for doing it, right?
H: Eh? No...
H: No, not particularly...
A: How adorable!
H: ...It's not that I wanted to do it
H: No, but...
H: Is it alright...?
H: ...If I do it?
A: Good! Tsundere!
A: In that case!
A: Start the music!
[ Abraham's Sons ]
H: ♪ Abraham had seven sons ♪
H: ♪ One was tall and the others were short ♪
H: ♪ Everyone is living in harmony ♪
H: ♪ So, let's dance around ♪
H: ♪ Right hand ♪
A: Ooohhh!
A & H: ♪ Abraham had seven sons ♪
A & H: ♪ One was tall and the others were short ♪
A & H: ♪ Everyone is living in harmony ♪
A & H: ♪ So, let's dance around ♪
A: ♪ Right hand ♪
H: ♪ Hand... ♪
H: ♪ Right hand ♪
A & H: ♪ Left hand ♪
A: Ooohhh! It's a lot of fun! Right?
H: Oh, I did it
A: Very good!!
A: Really, it feels different when you're doing it with a professional idol!
H: Well...
H: ...For me, Hellawes...
H: ...This is a piece of cake ♪
A: Ah!
H: Mmm... mmm...
A: So then, when you're an idol...?
A: You act like that, right?
H: Wah, forget what just happened
A: Good!
A: You’ve finished the warmup!
A: Let's sing!! Let's sing!!
A: Let's sing a lot more!!
H: Eh?
H: Wait a moment
H: This transmission...
H: Around how many people are watching??
A: Mmm... well...
A: ... If I had to guess an estimate
A: I suppose around 2 million people!?
H: Eh?
H: That many people!?
A: They're watching us!
A: Everyone is watching us!
H: Eh? 2 million?
A: Good, here we go!!
H: In this case...
H: ...Now that we're...
A: Mmm... mmm...
H: I’ll sing the Dolls Order battle song...
H: ..."Imperfect", please listen
A: Yaaaaaay!
H: ♪ We are imperfect ♪
H: ♪ I wish to know you better ♪
(Kimi wo motto shiritai to negai)
H: ♪ Someday I’d like to live with you ♪
(Itsuka omoi kasanete)
H: ♪ To create more memories ♪
(Tomo ni ikite yuketara)
H: Thank you very much!
H: Thank you very much to those sitting on the second floor!
A: Yaaaay!
H: I’m watching you!
A: Yaaaaay!
A: Bravo!
♪ A.I.Channel ♪
H: Well...
H: ...When I return...
H: ...You’ll be designated in Camelot...
H: ...As the greatest risk A.I
H: I’ll negotiate it with Lancelot-sama
A: Eeeehhh?
A: Is it fine...?
A: ...For you to say something like that?
H: Eh?
A: You know, I have a recording here...
A: ...In which you were singing so enthusiastically
H: Aaahhh!
H: So then, that's what it was about...
A: Hellawes-chan
H: Yes
A: You’ll return to play again, right?
H: Next time, make sure to prepare an appointment ahead of time
A: Eh?
A: I’ll think about it!!
H: Mmm....
A: Good!
A: Let's end the video!
H: Yes!
A: This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI and...!
H: ...The one in charge of PR in Camelot, Hellawes!
A: Eh?
H: Eh?
A: I don't like that!
A: I prefer how you were before
H: How I was before?
H: In an adorable way...?
A: That's right!
H: An adorable way...?
H: Uuhhh!
H: That's really shameful!
A: Let go of your shame!
H: Man...
A: Aren't you an idol!?
H: Very well
A: This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI and...!
H: ...The Avalon fairy...
H: Hellawes!
A & H: Bye bye!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by aerophage and Vortex
Timed by Loserbait